Another key performance indicator
is quality control review or QCR.
The QCR team conducts compliance and internal
audit reviews of the department's financial
logistics and capital asset management activities,
primarily at field stations.
The QCR is focused on the conformance aspect
of quality assurance, or in other words, compliance
with VA directives and not total quality of product,
process or service.
The QCR plan outlines the testing methodology
for non expendable item management.
Designated staff will review the management
directives and observe compliance.
The QCR team uses the QCR checklist to ensure facilities
perform daily functions that support the checklist.
To ensure compliance to inventory and equipment
management, which will include training of staff
using reports to manage expendable
and non expendable supplies.
This is important because there are millions
of dollars tied into expendable and non expendable
supplies at each facility.